[Org Settings] Update docs on new org settings (#28149)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/dashboards/sharing/graphs.md

{{< img src="dashboards/sharing/graph_share_tab.png" alt="Share tab in a graphing editor" style="width:95%;">}}

> All shared graphs are listed in the [Public Sharing Settings page][10]. On the settings page, you can also revoke individual shared graphs or disable all shared graphs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All shared graphs are listed in the [Public Sharing Settings page][10]. You can also revoke individual shared graphs or disable all shared graphs from this page.
```
